**i haven't reread this piece in a long time, so be wary of typos, run on sentences, and it generally not making sense at times. eventually i will fully finish this... maybe :D**

The girl looked so much like his sister, Samael thought. Her face so round and familiar, flushed pink on her cheekbones from the burning sun in Cancun, the rings around her eyes a shade darker than her bronze skin. Her hair was black and coiled, framing her face in rings while whispering baby hairs danced in the wind across her forehead. Soft brown freckles dotted her plump cheeks and the curve of her shoulder. Hints of a sunburn were beginning to bloom across her smooth skin. She was hairless everywhere except for her head. He could see the bare skin on the crevice of her bikini line as her legs relaxed outward in her waning consciousness. There were no hints of stubble down her thin legs, slightly bowed to petite feet, nails painted white. Samael wondered what they would look like next to his own, dwarfing hers in size, most definitely. Then he felt weird for thinking about her feet.  

With each sway of the waves, she rocked into her friend with a breath, almost a giggle, escaping her mouth. He watched a single, black hair fall over her shoulder and into the valley of her breasts, sticking from the sheen of saltwater still lingering on her skin. His eyes trailed it as her scanty bikini moved in opposition of the rocking catamaran. The neon purple top pinched with each swell and he desperately hoped that a soft pink nipple would eventually escape the fabric’s grasp. He could see the outline poking through and tightened his grip on the knife in his hand. He squinted as the thread of hair came in and out of view, her tits pushing together then falling naturally apart again, again, again. She pressed the palm of her hand to her left breast and adjusted the fabric sneakily with her fingers. Too bad.  

She did not notice him though. She did not catch his wandering eyes as he traversed the expanse of her body, opened up to the world and scarcely covered in measly strings of fabric, leaving so little to the imagination that it only made him more curious.   

Sasha smacked her hip into his, startling him in the midst of cutting a lime. The knife he had been holding sliced through the soft pad of his thumb. Blood dribbled out over the lime, absorbing through the pale green cells, staining everything red, red, red.   

“Fuck.”   

Sasha laughed and dropped the plastic cups in her hands into the sink with a clatter as he slipped the knife into his pocket. He stuck his thumb in his mouth, suckling the blood like an infant. It was salty and sour. Sasha pulled the first aid kit from under the sink and slapped it next to his small station. He grabbed a sealed bottle of vodka and pressed it between the countertop and his hip, using one hand to twist off the cap. Over the sink, he poured the alcohol on the wound, sucking on his bottom lip between his teeth then putting on a bandaid. Blood continued to pour out against the tan bandage, staining it pink.   

When he turned back around from the small distraction, the young girl was looking straight at him. For the first time, Samael realized that she shared the same green eyes as his younger sister, Esmeralda. She gave a soft smile before turning back to her friend. 

That morning, Samael left the only home he had ever known as his mother sat in her rocking chair on the front porch, the aging wood creaking long and slow with her swaying. Her breaths whistled through the gap in her front teeth as her hooded eyes watched him pack his car with all of his belongings. Her impassioned tone was long gone and the wrinkles in her pocked skin seemed to have sunk deeper. Samael thought that surely her throat was sore from the screaming that escaped her lungs just minutes before. But at that moment, she had her fingers knitted together, laid in the lap of her plain dress skirt. All emotion was gone from her face. She even seemed to be disinterested.    

In his sputtering car, he stacked his clothes and a few trinkets entwined with fond memories. He pressed all of his shoes into a ripped cardboard box and taped it hastily shut. Stained t-shirts, sweaty socks and boxers, his button up for fancy occasions, a nice pair of khakis, torn and tattered jeans fraying at the hems, bathing suits he had owned since a child and could barely afford to replace, a sweatshirt he stole from a concert he snuck into, a single, fraying, brown belt, the only wetsuit he owned, his Playstation, a toothbrush with flattened bristles, a half empty lube bottle, and a box of condoms. Everything else fell over the seats and onto the trash covered floor, hiding the remnants of his late night fast food trips, half finished coffee cups with milk separating and dribbling out onto the mess, water bottles with ash floating in brown liquid, stale french fries, a molding chicken nugget, and sand everywhere, in everything. Things he had never had the care to clean up.   

Slamming the side door with a final thud, Samael looked at his mother one last time from her perch, still rocking. Her eyes did not meet his, instead they gazed past him, inspecting the lawn across the street. The residential houses, most lived in only three months out of the year by tourists, sported perfectly manicured grass and bright yellow doors. In comparison, his own lawn he had always parked carelessly on was more similar to a patch of dirt.  

Samael glanced at the perfect little house across from his and wondered what his life would have been like if they could have afforded to live just 50 feet away. Breakfast before school, always colorful and fresh like in those American movies, dinner at 6 o’clock on the dot, always hot and ready for when a father would have been coming home from work. Then after dinner he would help Samael with homework, his mother would seldom get angry, a sister who–  

He turned and instinctively looked at her in the living room window. Esmeralda’s eyes seemed to glow as she looked out, fingers pressed to the cracked and dusty glass.   

Why, after all these years, had she spoken up? If she hadn’t, what would have happened? Would they still love each other? Would they have escaped together, somehow? Do happily ever afters exist for someone like him? How, he wondered, things would have come to be if it had not ended this way.  

“Never come back,” said his mother, finally.   

He turned away and left. 

At the gate of Atlus Tours, Samael came to a shuddering stop and greeted the security guard. The old man smiled down at him before wearily looking into the mess of his back seat. “Going somewhere, Samael?” The guard checked his name off a list before leaning into the open window.   

“My mom. Kicked me out. I’m going–somewhere. This is going to be my last day.”   

The guard nodded and then waved him through. “We’ll miss you, then.”   

Sasha, who was always the first on the catamaran, nodded to Samael as he climbed on. He kicked his sandals under the table inside then leaned against the bar counter. He sighed. “Looks like it’s going to rain today.” He tilted his head towards the window, watching over the coast as a gray cloud sweeping up towards the shore.   

“Hopefully not too bad, they didn’t cancel the tour.” Her fingers moved quickly over the different parts of her camera, clicking and sliding things into place. She turned it over in inspection. Samael didn’t understand anything she was doing.   

“Did you stock the bar this morning?” He asked as he moved towards his small set up.   

She hummed in affirmation.    

A laugh thundered across the docks and Samael smiled, placing a hand on his hip as Dante and Reo climbed on board, shoulder to shoulder. They arrived at the same time each morning, always parking next to one another. Constantly, they were talking and joking and pushing each other. Samael had never been that close with anyone before. At least he didn’t think so. He was never interested in sports and had never found his own group of friends in high school. Instead he drifted around, talking to people sitting next to him in class but also knowing they had their own best friends to talk to when the bell rang.  

He looked away from them and walked out to lean over the railing. The water was shallow this close to the docks, but the waves pushed up against the side of the boat along with the racing wind, rocking them back and forth. The sky was blanketed by dark clouds, thick as though they would begin to weep at any moment.   
Dante came up and pushed Samael’s shoulder. “You’re going to love the crowd we’ve got today. I caught a glimpse of them all waiting together. Some weird old people, but a *ton* of girls–no parents of course.”   

Instead of questioning him, Samael began wiping the counters down in preparation as Dante moved behind him and poked at the small stereo, glancing down at his phone to flip on a song. The artist sounded familiar, but he enjoyed the thumping bass and tapped his feet along with the rhythm. As Dante left to count the life jackets and snorkeling gear, Samael flicked a soapy hand in his direction.  

Their crew was small, but they had been working together for almost two years now–it was his closest thing to family and friends he had ever had. Now, the idea of leaving them for good made Samael’s stomach curdle, but he knew he couldn’t stay. Reo was their captain and knew the route out to the coral islands. He had taken Dante under his wing a year ago to teach him to drive the catamaran and maybe take over for him when Reo finally wanted to settle down with his girlfriend. Dante was the most charismatic and, in the water, he was able to create narratives about marine life and corals, listing off facts about the fish and local history as if he had been born to do this. Samael just watched the customers to make sure no one ventured too far off and Sasha floated between everyone, taking their pictures and trying to capture the fish as well. On board, the two took care of the bar and prepared the complimentary lunch as well.    

They had gone on countless excursions with thousands of people they would never see again. Samael had supplied countless drinks to people of all ages, but especially to the young, clueless girls who came with their friends. He would over pour their liquor until they were stumbling down the ladder into the clear waters. Then, when they would come back on the boat, they’d be flush faced, red outline of the goggles imprinted on their skin, laughing and giggling and begging for more, more, more. Samael couldn’t say no–at least he didn’t really want to.   

Especially when, sometimes, the girls would slip him their hotel room numbers on pieces of napkins or shove their phone in his face until he got the point. Others would boldly walk up and press themselves to his side as he made their drinks, words slurring as they slid down his neck and stuttered in his ear, asking him to come with them. Samael always obliged. There was nothing in his contract telling him not to fraternize with the tourists, at least not off the clock, and even if there was, he didn’t care. Anyways, he couldn’t say he didn’t mind joining them back at their resorts; always the all inclusive kind, so they went and drank even more until they were slumped over the bars and Samael had to drag them up to their rooms. Sometimes his night would end with a blowjob, a handjob, or some sort of making out which was mostly a slobbering, wet tongue sliding over his, saliva tasting of alcohol. On rare occasions, he would get to go all the way. The best, most rare, was when a group of girls would come onto him all at the same time, fighting over him like dogs, begging to be the center of his attention. The worst, most frequent, was when they passed out as soon as they hit the bed, drool spilling over their swollen, silicone lips, makeup smearing down their cheeks, bikinis untying and exposing them bare. Samael considered himself a good guy, so he never did anything to those girls. He left them in their rooms, knowing they would wake in the morning, disoriented and wondering where the boat boy had gone and what had happened.   

But for his last day, Samael decided that he would make it memorable. He had to. He had to show up Dante. Dante, who somehow always slipped away with the girl Samael had been eyeing before he could say anything. Dante who was taller, more lean, teeth more white and straight, hair that was darker, fuller, and eyes that shone brighter. He wasn’t going to let Dante take away what was his without a fight this time. He wouldn't allow it. This was his last chance.   

So, when Dante coughed loudly as the customers began to board, Samael knew where to look. She was striking and stood a few inches taller than her friend. She was a bright light against the thickening clouds and her voice rang high as the two laughed about something while they found a seat. She reminded him of Esmeralda almost immediately. He told himself to stop thinking about her. Instead he stared at the young girl until they locked eyes and he gave her a crooked smile, hopeful.   

When they began their journey out to the reef, the small group of people talked loudly at one another, competing to converse over the sound of the motor and crashing waves. Samael could make out the names of a few states in their conversations: New York, Indiana, California. He only caught snippets of words as he made their first drinks. Dante had riled them up, insisting on everyone doing a shot of tequila to celebrate the day despite the worsening weather. The farther out they got, the more the wind whipped against them, waves getting darker and more angry, sky becoming engulfed in a dark gray blanket.   

Samael lined up the plastic shot glasses for everyone, including himself and the rest of their small team–all except Reo, who refused to drink while driving. He poured the bottom shelf tequila over each in a straight line, spilling onto the mat below. The sharp and striking smell sliced through his senses. He pulled out a cup of pre-cut lime slices, holding it in his hand and passing them out behind Dante. Back at the bar, Samael maneuvered four shots into one hand, then three into the other. Dante did the same. They moved with the rocking of the boat, clenching them tightly in their hands and allowing each guest to grab one from between their fingers. Samael watched his feet, stepping between flip flops, purses, and towels as the boat’s movement made the liquor spill over the rims and down his arm. The guests took their shots, ignoring him almost completely as they continued their conversations amongst one another. He was happy to go unnoticed for now as more tequila dripped down his fingertips and fell in droplets to the floor.   

When he approached the girl, he bowed closer and hummed, trying to catch her eyes. She barely noticed him and took the shot from his outstretched hand, barely turning away from her friend. He furrowed his brows and went back inside, pushing the glass doors open as wide as they could go so the room became an extension of the deck and he could watch them all. He leaned a hip against the small counter top, looking out past the throng of happy customers at the worsening sky, wondering if the rain was coming sooner than they thought. Everyone cheered. Samael quietly lifted his own shot glass up in the air and swallowed it without a second thought. The alcohol clung to the insides of his mouth, so he sucked his teeth and swallowed again.  

The first time he drank was with Esmeralda. She was 11 and he was 15 at the time. Their mother had been gone for two days with no word and while watching a movie he asked if she wanted to try some. “Is it good?” She had asked, pushing her glasses up her nose. The frames were crooked and bent, but they were too poor to get new ones.   

Samael told her it was, though he had never had it before. He had seen his mother stashing the bottles above the fridge and had always wondered why she hid it. Now that he was old enough to realize, he wanted to know why it was so appealing. He knew why she hadn’t been home, and if it was so good she would leave them alone for so long, he wanted to try it too.  

He poured two full cups of the clear liquid, they clinked the chipped glasses, and took a sip. Esmeralda choked but Samael tried his hardest to look unphased. He decided it would only get easier the more he did it, and before their movie ended, he had finished it all. Esmeralda had pretended to be distracted by the movie–a VHS of Lion King they had owned and rewatched for years–but Samael saw her watching him from the corner of her eye. Whenever she tried to take a sip, she would run to the fridge and suck on the box of orange juice. He was proud of himself for never having to chase it down with juice. He wasn’t like Ez, he was fifteen–a grown up.   

On his second glass, Samael challenged Esmeralda to finish the rest of her first as fast as she could. He wanted to see her fail, or start crying. Samael sometimes thought it was funny when she cried. He would push her around when they were younger, and she would whimper like a beat dog, covering her face. She looked so little whenever he did it. But,. this time, she straightened her back and took a heaving breath before swallowing it all. Her throat bobbed with each exaggerated gulp, eyelids screwed shut as she tilted her head back to the ceiling. The last sip, she let out a thick cough and spit dribbled down her chin as she gasped for breath. She wiped her face with her fingers then sucked on them and grimaced again. He watched the way her tongue circled her fingertips and the groan from the back of her throat reverberated in his chest. His fingers twitched and he felt something he had never before, or only late at night when everyone was asleep. She didn’t feel like his sister anymore and Samael realized he wanted to touch her. But not in a brotherly way.   

And so he did. 

It started to rain on the catamaran shortly after the third round of shots. It wasn’t as bad as the clouds had made it look, the dribble of rain was harmless. It spat on the customers seated outside, a little tipsy and enjoying the cool rain in the thick heat of the afternoon, the only breeze coming from the speed of the boat along the ocean. Somehow, the weather felt comforting.   

The girl and her small friend scampered into the comfort of the boat’s inside cover, huddling close together  on the single sided booth, now whispering to each other quietly. They glanced over their phones, sometimes pointing it in the other’s direction, sometimes giggling, other times peaking up at Samael. The waves working against the boat caused them to bump into each other. The girl had taken her dampened shirt off and laid it out next to her. He didn’t mean to stare, but her bikini was neon and eye-catching. In his own defense, her hard nipples poked through the thin fabric of her top and he could see the small barbells adorning each of them. It was as if she wanted people to look at them. Why else would women get their nipples pierced? He didn’t care enough to know the answer.    

He cleared his throat and pointed his chin at the girls. “What are your names?”   

“Mercy.” The girl smiled and put down her phone on the round table. She crossed her arms over her chest, pushing her tits together and staring at him, as if testing to see where he would look. He glanced at her friend instead as she mumbled her own name. He couldn’t hear but didn’t care to ask again. He looked back at Mercy.   

“Mer-cí?” He rolled his tongue over the word. It sounded foreign against the back of his teeth. Wasn’t that the French word for thank you? He couldn’t remember exactly.   

“No, no, Mur-see. Like–uh–forgiveness. Like *I’m sorry.*”   

Samael nodded, pretending to understand. “Mercí.” He said it again, the same pronunciation as before. He liked that better anyways. The girl just looked at him and smiled again. “Happy to swim?”   

He stumbled over his English words like a gaping pothole in the road. He knew very little, small talk words and phrases, only enough to get by with the customers and girls. He never liked English, the words felt thick and block-like with every syllable. They did not flow into one another, but instead sounded stitched together haphazardly and lazily. No word could predict the next or the one after that. He had tried very little to learn English, but now he wished he had the right words to say.   

Dante clambered into the cabin, teeth shining with his boxy, perfect smile. He leaned over the table and whispered something Samael couldn’t make out. The only word he could understand was *idiot* as Dante nodded his chin just barely in Samael’s direction. He frowned as the girls burst out into laughter. His friend glanced over his shoulder and winked before pushing off and heading to talk to Reo.   

The rest of the trip to the reef, Samael snuck glances of Mercy out of the corner of his eye as he poured drinks and shuttled them out to the customers. No one seemed to mind the rain as it slanted in almost shyly under the awning. Even the most elderly couple were laughing and smiling under the crying sky. They continued their conversations loudly, words slurring more and more as Samael continued going in and out, making simple mixed drinks, full cup, empty cup, full cup.   

Samael studied Dante and realized that, for the first time, he was truly jealous of him. Not because he was conventionally attractive, but because it was Dante who was talking and laughing with everyone. Samael felt as though he was the only one not in on a joke. Watching from the sidelines as everyone else enjoyed something he could not have. Even Sasha understood better than Samael, but she was more content to sit in silence as she clicked her camera in their smiling faces, capturing moments for them. She would give them her own soft grin as they made faces and hugged up against each other or jumped in front of the camera to get in the way of one another. Even Reo, who was on his perch in the captain’s nest, would chime down a joke every once in a while and rattle the tourists, their laughter erupting once again after a lull in conversation.   

Oftentimes, Samael would take comfort in his own little world, humming to music in his head. He would watch the really drunk ones teetering as the boat sliced through the waves, slamming their shoulders into the wall as they tried to get to the bathroom below deck. It was like a show to him, only now was he vividly aware he was watching it in a different language and without any subtitles. His ignorance annoyed him.   

His anger pressed down on his shoulders as the sky slowly let up and the other boats touring the reef grew closer. They set up close to another boat from Atlus that had left earlier in the day and Reo gathered the tourists for the same safety spiel he had to give to everyone. No one paid attention, as always, and instead began putting on their life jackets, goggles, and fins. They all laughed and pointed at each other, but Samael only had his eyes on Mercy, watching as she stumbled around putting on the fins. He laughed at her under his breath.   

With everyone distracted, Samael went down into the bathroom below deck. He closed his hand around the baggie in his pocket before pulling it out as soon as the door was closed. He was nervous this time because he had bought from a new dealer, a friend of a friend of a friend. Normally he would go to Jeremy, a random white guy who lived behind a gas station he had met at a party once. The only reason he didn’t buy from Jeremy this time is because he was recently arrested. Some friends who also bought from him said it was for kiddie porn. Samael felt sorry, but only because he had to find someone new to buy from.   

He took out his car key and scooped out a small bit of the powder, feeling weird–Samael preferred to crush his rocks himself. Snorting it always burned more too, but the high always came on faster. He just hoped his nose wouldn’t bleed in the water like last time. He took another, then a third for good measure. If he was going to make this last trip memorable, a low dose like normal wasn’t going to cut it.   

He had first met Molly through a random girl at a party the night of high school graduation. The only thing he could remember was that she was a grade below and best known for keeping at least a dime bag on her at all times, almost like an epipen. She had invited Samael into a back room and promised him he would enjoy it. He took the bump of the crushed pill she placed in front of him. He laid back on the floor, on his side, mirroring the girl. She put his hand into his and they listened to the bass of the music below through the carpet. When she pulled her hand back, he felt himself begin melting into the fibers. Sticky and gooey as he slipped between each fiber of the carpet. His form met with the girls and they mixed together, their liquids pooled and seeped through the floorboards, dripping onto the sweaty people below.   

He started seeing that girl once a week, doing bumps or just swallowing the pills in the bed of her pick up truck in the late hours of the night, parked on the edge of a gorge far away from any lights or people. Molly became that girl’s long, tanned legs, yellow eyes and yellow hair. A promising girl. A *good* girl. He wanted to bottle the euphoric feeling of every inch of her body on his and keep it with him. So he started buying his own. Then they were meeting twice a week. Soon enough he didn’t even know the girl's name. Molly, Molly, Molly. She didn’t mind when he called her that. Sometimes he would drive out there alone, sometimes with Esmeralda.   

No.    

At the gorge, Molly became his best friend. She made him feel good. Safe. She serenaded him with empty promises of happiness, only to leave him feeling lost and alone when she was gone. Like grains of sand, she slipped through his fingers. When he came to, he was left feeling like nothing less than the shell of the man he had been.   

But had he ever been a man?   

Had he ever experienced a woman in her fullness like he had Molly?   

He could see Molly clearly. Each blonde, fine hair that covered her body. The smell of her sweat as he breathed her in. Her lips slathered in cherry lip gloss. Her split ends poking his bare skin.   

In the vast emptiness of his brain that Molly carved out, he could no longer see his many conquests in that same way. Only a freckle here. An upturned nose. An ear missing an earring. A cracked nail. Scraped knees. A mole. A wrinkle in the forehead just beginning to form. Those women had become nothing but the pleasure he received from them.   

Samael knew though, that there was one. Just one. And her image was as clear as Molly. Esmeralda smiled at him from the couch with her chipped front tooth. Then she frowned. Her sadness rang through his bones like a soundwave.    

He dropped his key trying to take a fifth and final bump when everyone began calling his name. Quickly, he put everything in an alcove under the sink. His hands were already feeling heavy.   

Some were already in the water as Samael came up, squinting in the sun that had finally returned from behind the clouds. He smiled at Sasha and gave a thumbs up to her camera before climbing over the side of the boat and diving in. The cold water sliced his skin, knifing into each and every pore. He shivered as he came up for air. Samael watched as Mercy, on the boat, tied up her bundle of black hair into a bun. She looked down at him and he tried to give her a smile, but she was already turning away. Dejected, he turned over on his back and floated there, watching the dissipating, gray clouds swirl in the expanse of the sky.    

Samael circled the group, keeping them from drifting off or getting too close to the shallow parts of the reef. The sound of everyone’s heavy breaths through their snorkels gave him a headache, so he tried to keep his head submerged. His hands in front of him began shifting with the water, like a mirage on the horizon of a desert. He could feel his stomach beginning to curl, his spine stiffening, legs getting heavier with each kick of the water. He looked over and saw that the bathing suit on one of the older women had slid up, exposing wrinkled and veiny skin. Samael let out a laugh underwater and the bubbles trailed up his cheeks. It tickled like bugs crawling on his skin.   

Bugs. Little legs, antennae, wings fluttering against his cheeks. He swatted violently around him before coming up with a heaving breath. When he looked there was nothing.   

He laughed again, wading in the water. The gray clouds had completely lost their fervor and pockets of sunlight were shining brighter through the dreary clouds, now lighter than they had been. The water enveloped him in the soft caress of a mother like he had not received in years. The warmth spread out inside of him like an eruption. He leaned down into the feeling, letting the water swaddle him in its entirety. Samael floated along the waves, facing down, lying completely still. He stretched out his arms like a man on a cross.   

A small blue fish peaked its head out of a hole in the corals below him. Samael reached his hand out towards it and in that moment, the fish smiled at him and its eyes became an endless, empty black. He felt the gravity pull back and release him into nothing. The fish parted its lips and showed a gleaming set of sharp teeth. “Martyr,” it called him in an unfamiliar voice.   

When he blinked, the fish was gone and the rest of the swimmers were passing by him, their flippers fanning more bubbles in his face. The words rang in his ears as he tried to catch up to the group. He could hear it in his mother’s voice, his dad, his sister, his friends, Dante, Reo, Sasha, even Mercy. Their voices screamed over and over again. They echoed and overlapped the next until they were just a ringing in his ears.   

Samael turned to look out over the edge of the reef, where the ocean became darker and eventually dropped off into northing. He could just barely see a person swimming away into the darkness. It was his sister, naked, the way she always appeared in his imagination. Her black hair fanned around her like a halo, slowly rippling like gauze in the water, light reflecting through the water and illuminating her. Each movement was fluid, her pale skin distorted like a mirage. She turned around for a moment and he could see her entire body. Her nipples were hard, her hips swelled and blue green bruises cascaded down her arms and legs. Teeth imprints on her neck and bright red splotches around her collar. Esmeralda smiled but stared at him with mute eyes.  

He had seen her this way before. In his dreams when he was mad at her, as he was now, imagining himself throwing her to the sharks and letting them devour her. Sometimes he would envision strangling her and tossing her into the heaps of trash at the dump and letting her rot surrounded in decaying waste. He wanted her to suffer as he slowly killed her and watched her life drain away in the way his own had. He wanted so badly to see it, see her dead and gone, lips sealed, unable to speak another word–as she had promised. 

Samael could not remember getting back onto the boat, but the rocking of the waves making him nauseous had suddenly catapulted him out of his delusions. Mercy’s tits, the limes, his finger. He could recall the splashing of the people in the water and their watery breaths in the snorkels, even the eerie creaking and popping of the reef underwater. But the barrier was the same as it had always been. He remembered nothing else. Only the blue fish. Only the bugs. Only Esmeralda.   

Sasha poured everyone shots while Samael cleaned up his bloody hands. He decided then that he would not wait until it was too late for him. He poured tequila, vodka, lemonade and cranberry juice into a cup then brought it over to Mercy. She looked up at him as he pushed the glass her way. 	  

“What is it?”   

“Samael Special.” He looked down, realizing he was blushing.   

She nodded politely and took a sip as he stood over her. When he knew she would continue drinking it, he turned back and went to the bathroom once more. He pulled the baggie out of the alcove, took another bump, and shoved it into the sopping pockets of his swim shorts. He hoped the bag was sealed.      

Mercy returned with her empty cup a few minutes later, smiling with flushed cheeks. “Can I have another? My friend, too?”   

Samael nodded, then shooed her away. He put together the two drinks and gave it to her again. The third time she came up, he could see that she was already far beyond her body. Her hips swayed dramatically with the rocking of the catamaran. Her eyelids were hooded and her smile was pulled across her flushed cheeks. Her eyes were glazed and the green was dulled from the hazy red taking over the white. Bloodshot. She turned and stumbled back to her friend.  Their laughs rang louder than everyone else’s and he smiled as he dumped the rest of the bag into her drink. He swirled it with a spoon, watching the crystals dissolve into the murky pink liquid. Samael took the spoon out and licked it before walking the drink out to her. Last chance.   

When the boat arrived at the docks, Samael helped tie it up and assisted everyone off. The sun was hiding again behind the smog of clouds threatening to release their tears once more. Everyone slowly made their way back to their taxis but Mercy strayed to the back of the line and leaned into him once everyone was far enough away, saying something he didn’t understand. He couldn’t tell what she said but he felt the words drip slowly down his spine and the pressure building in his stomach. He nodded and her eyes flickered around the dock. Everyone was gone already. Almost everyone.   

Her friend was also leaned up against someone. Dante. His hand gripped her waist tightly as they whispered in each other’s ears and laughed a few feet away. Mercy yelled the girls name and they both looked up and flushed, as if caught red handed. The girls nodded in understanding. He heard them mention the name of a hotel nearby before Dante and the girl slipped away, heading towards the employee parking lot. Dante had a fistful of the girls ass as they walked and their laughs slithered away into the darkness along with them.   

Mercy was looking up at him. For a moment, the line between Mercy and Esmeralda was blurred. They looked so much alike–too much, maybe. He kissed her before he could think again. She pressed herself against his body. He allowed himself to touch her, finally. Her skin was cold, still slicked with salt water and sticky from sunscreen. He could smell it on her and taste it on her lips as her tongue made haste with his own. Samael was brought to these same moments, when he explored Esmeralda’s soft skin under the single, naked bulb in her bedroom. On the coarse sheets of her mattress on the floor. But Esmeralda always smelled like her favorite Victoria’s Secret perfume her mother gave her for Christmas every year. And her lips were the taste of Aquaphor. Mercy was sloppy and wet where Esmeralda had been soft and almost soundless.   

When they breathlessly pulled away, he motioned to the boat, still lit up with its pale yellow lights. Mercy bounded ahead of him, feet slipping on the watery surface of the deck. She looked back and laughed as they clambered down the stairs. They kissed in front of the door to the small room, heat building between them. Mercy became a puddle in his arms and he could feel her consciousness slowly drifting in and out of his grip.   

Inside the small room, he laid her on the bottom bunk and ran his hands across the expanse of her tan skin. Hairless. He licked his lips and then pressed them just below her navel. She shivered beneath him and he felt the tightness in his chest growing with each shaky breath whispered off her tongue. He pushed off and climbed over her body. He leaned down onto her and she gasped into his mouth, spinning her fingers into his hair as they kissed.   

Her movements, at first passionate, turned slow and her arms quietly fell to her sides. He watched as she blinked slowly at him, grinding her jaw slowly. No, it wasn’t just alcohol that was making her feel this was. Her breathing whistled through her nostrils as she tried to wiggle her toes, realizing with each passing moment that even such small movement took every ounce of her concentration. But she felt euphoric, her heart swelled and she somehow felt loved. She did not understand but she understood. She wanted to be touched and treated in the way she had never experienced with previous men. She did not believe Samael could give this to her but her mind was racing and racing and racing. Each breath felt heavier than the last, each movement a mile long race she was not ready to run.   

Samael smiled. He had first done this to a girl at an EDM festival, and after he was done with her in the shity tent his friends had set up, he left and allowed the rhythmic sounds to carry him out to the expanse of nothingness and he was happy there. He could see her reaching out for that place with each blink of her eyes. Her eyelids felt heavy, even more hooded now, teeth grinding viciously yet unknowingly. Her jaw was clenched so tightly he could no longer kiss her.   

He pulled the tie of the purple bikini behind her neck and peeled the bathing suit off of her. This wouldn’t do. He carefully unscrewed the barbells of her piercings and pulled them out, a little bit of yellow pus seeping out of the small holes left behind. Her eyebrow twitched as they came out and he dropped them on the blanket. She could barely move but she whimpered. Perfect.   

Moving down, he undid the bottoms too, ridding her body of the wretched neon fabric. She was bare, finally. Esmeralda echoed in the back of his mind and he tried to blink her into existence, as if she could take over the body laying in front of him. He leaned back on his knees between her open legs and looked down at her. Her chest rose and fell, rose and fell. Her eyes flickered around the room. He put a hand on her chest and felt the rapid beating of her heart.    

He pulled the knife from his back pocket and laid it over her throat. He could feel her breathing heighten under the pressure. Her skin was so thin, almost translucent now, as if he could see right through and witness the blood pulsing through her arteries and the stretch and pull of her esophagus as her breathing grew heavy. Looking at the knife, he noticed small specks of citrus from the limes he had been cutting. He brought the knife to his lips and lapped at it.   

He looked down at Mercy one more time, blinking at him with her green eyes he now hated so much. He thrust the knife into the side of her throat.   

Copper and lime. Red, red, red blood splattered everywhere. The sheets, the wall, his face, his shirt and arms. It gushed from the gape in her neck. He put his lips to it and smelled the burnt metal and felt its warmth melting on his tongue. As Mercy gargled her failing breaths, he pressed his cheek to the pulsing, open wound, blood pouring down his cheeks. She gasped and swallowed and Samael listened to the waves as they poured out of her, swirling in his ear. He stilled his breath to hear the closeness of the sound. It was like putting his ear to a shell. Mercy’s fingers trembled on the bed and he grasped at her body to hold her down, trying to bring himself back to his memories with Esmeralda.   

Samael pulled back only to thrust the knife into the other side of her neck. The blood sprayed with less fervor this time. Her neck lay open and defiled. Blood pooled in the dips of her collarbone and the sheet became soaked. Each labored breath shot more out and she writhed from the pain. Her face was screwed into a hopeless scowl. He stabbed her three more times before the blood finally stopped gushing.    

Samael watched closely as her body lost interest and began to still. Her once flickering, anxious eyes now stared blankly at him and her waterlogged breathing finally stilled. The pressure in Samael’s chest slowly dissipated. He let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. Was this freedom, for once? 

